# ApiLab - Jovan, Georgi & Simon

The library chosen for the API lab was PixiJS, an open source and cross browser JavaScript 2D graphics library. Through it, and its API, we found that you are easily and quickly able to showcase various 2d graphics. These graphics include, but are not limited to, images, text or game sprites. On top of raster graphics related elements, one can also simulate filters, light, blur, blending, displacement, layers and other interesting graphical features. One major feature of pixiJS is that almost all of these elements can be made interactive, in other words, susceptible to user action. As shown in the examples, images, for example, can be made to be moved by mouse or keyboard, dragged, dropped, resized, rotated and stopped, among other interactions. The pixiJS library is a very useful tool because, as mentioned before, it can be used in various ways to simulate graphics and interaction. It can be used to "gamify" website elements, make data visualization interactive, or simply show interesting grahpics.  

To use, edit and try out our example, you need a live server. Suggested way is to use the Visual Code Studio Liveserver add-on. Afterwards, run the examples. To try out PixiJS by yourself, either download the library through their official website, or use their CDN. In the case of this project, we utilized the CDN. Afterwards, all you need is the PixiJS API Documentation and you are set to go explore the capabilities of PixiJS.

The examples were created by Jovan, Georgi & Simon with aid from official tutorials and through the official PixiJS basic examples. Various examples, and original ideas, were combined to create the three existing examples. An individualist approach was taken where each member was to explore a certain area and the PixiJS library by themselves. This ensured equal participation and spread of knowledge. We could also cover the library, and the examples, much faster this way than to focus on each example ourselves. 

The first example, Example01, was created and edited by Jovan. The second example, Example02, was created by Georgi. The third, Example03, was created by Simon. Originally, there was going to be one more but Louis, our fourth team member, quit near the end due to his own reasoning. All the example projects were in the end looked over by each team member present, so everyone could understand the code, why it works and how. Because of that, we believe we got to learn a lot more effectively than if we would all focus one each example on the go. Due to the project being rather small, only the master branch was worked on, and we simply uploaded all examples when we were almost done, with minor changes being committed along the way.